[SNOW-1368640] Improve qcut performance, correct return type to Series (#1527)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: src/snowflake/snowpark/modin/plugin/PANDAS_CHANGELOG.md

  - Always include the missing attribute (method, classmethod, or property) name when raising NotImplementedError.
  - `casefold`, `cat`, `decode`, `split`, `rsplit`, `get`, `join`, `get_dummies`, `pad`, `center`, `ljust`, `rjust`, `zfill`, `wrap`, `slice`, `slice_replace`, `encode`, `findall`, `match`, `extract`, `extractall`, `rstrip`, `lstrip`, `partition`, `removeprefix`, `removesuffix`, `repeat`, `rpartition`, `find`, `rfind`, `index`, `rindex`, `swapcase`, `normalize`, `translate`, `isalnum`, `isalpha`, `isspace`, `isnumeric`, and `isdecimal` for `Series.str`.
- Removed `Series.dt.week` and `Series.dt.weekofyear` to align Snowpark pandas with the pandas 2.2.1 API.

> - `pd.qcut` return for an input of type `Series` now always a `Series`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Given an input of type `Series`, `pd.qcut` always returns a `Series`.
```
